NOTE: Update the last-update-date below each time you make a change in this document so that we know
      when the errors were relevant. Further, if you know that a problem has been fixed already but has
      still been listed here, remove the problem from the list.

Last Update Date: Oct 18, 2016


1. In some machines, compilation fails for correct IT sample programs showing wierd errors related to
   incorrectly recording arrays or partitions' dimensionality. This never happens in some other machines
   suggests that the issue may be with the underlying compiler tools we are using. In particular, 
   probably, we have to use strdup() in many places before passing a character string to some other 
   function.
2. The current grammar definition does not allow an un-partitioned LPS to appear as a descendant of 
   another LPS. This is problematic, as sometimes we may want such an LPS just to expose fewer data
   structures to PPSes executing lower level LPUs.
3. Error messages generated by the IT compilers only tells what line the error is on. This is not enough
   for syntax errors as the programmer needs to know what word or column in that line is the cause of
   error. We need to update the lexical analysis process to retain the column number (even better a 
   reference to the program line) of each token and then use that additional information for better 
   error reporting.
4. Sometimes having a newline or not before/after curly braces cause syntax error. This problem used
   to occur quite frequently before. Although I haven't observed it lately, the error might be still 
   there. Some grammar rules need to be corrected.
5. If, a code has a sequential reduction inside an multi-index IT parallel loop, the reduction is 
   supposed to take place either once or many times depending on the nature of reduction statement. The 
   current compilers however, always assume the reduction should happen once. This is an error in the 
   interpretation that we need to fix. To intensify the problem, the compiler generated variables to aid 
   in the reduction are not placed in properly. So reductions placed inside multi-index loops are 
   translated as incorrect C++ code snippets.
6. The implementation of the block_count partition function is assigning the extra elements to the last
   partition when the underlying dimension being partitioned is not evenly divisible by the part count.
   This is an incorrect behavior that can cause the hybrid compiler to generate incorrect CUDA kernels.
   Rather, the last partition should have the fewest elements when the dimension is not evenly divisible.
7. Currently the multicore compiler does not support data structures that have multiple epoch versions.
8. Currently the multicore compiler does not support data structure partitions that have padding in them.
9. Support for intermediate unpartitioned LPSes in a task's LPS hierarchy is implemented in the hybrid
   compiler only. To make the feature available in the remaining compilers, it should be enough to copy 
   paste code blocks from the hybrid compiler.
10. The environment management code for segmented memory and hybrid compilers do not allow a local 
   reference to an environment variable of some task to be maintained if the original reference within
   the task environment is updated by a subsequent invocation. I don't remember if this was a concious
   decision on our part to not do reference count update on the environmental data structures for local
   references within the coordinator function. This issue is making it harder to express programs like
   Conjugate Gradient in IT that involves a lot of assigning data structures from one task environment
   to another task environment. It would be nice if we could assign the data structure references from
   the source task to some local variables and assign those variables to the subsequent task later 
   even if the source task executes again in the interim and gets rid of its previous data structure
   references.
11. Environment management module has hardly gone through any testing. There might be bugs in several
   places that we have to check for and fix.  
    	   
